RHIDP-6147: Developer-focused content for Learning Paths (#1099)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/customizing-the-learning-paths/con-about-learning-paths.adoc

[id='con-about-learning-paths_{context}']
= About Learning Paths

> You can use the Learning Paths plugin in {product} to integrate custom-tailored e-learning content within the developer workflows. By using Learning Paths, you can create a collaborative learning culture, boost productivity, and ensure that teams stay updated with relevant best practices and technologies. The overall purpose is to accelerate onboarding, address skill gaps, ensure regulatory compliance, promote best practices, and facilitate product updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the Learning Paths plugin in {product} to integrate customized e-learning content within the developer workflows. By using Learning Paths, you can create a collaborative learning culture, boost productivity, and ensure that teams stay updated with relevant best practices and technologies. The overall purpose is to accelerate onboarding, address skill gaps, ensure regulatory compliance, promote best practices, and facilitate product updates.
```

Reviewer: Do we mean _to integrate custom-tailored e-learning content **into** the developer workflows_?
